back at the dry riverbed as November
comes Rosa can still smell rain to the
east she's desperate to head there in
search of fresh food
she has decided they must set out
despite him burrs weakened state
himber has collapsed exhausted lying
next to him his and tries to rouse him
without her help his chances of getting
up again are slim
henbit aunt becomes increasingly
concerned frantic even as he fails to
respond
the lack of milk is taking a cruel toll
yet if they can lead him beau to a new
grazing area
he might get more
finally the pair help him struggle to
his feet how long then how far the small
calf can keep going they do not know
Rosa in this and have ignored their own
need to eat for too long kimba's
weakness and their persistence have put
their lives in danger
mber has not been seen since
you